<i class="fa-solid fa-house"></i> [Home](./)
# Story and Updates on Hewol (2024)
#### debarkak - 1/5/2024

Hewol has been silent for a while... But in the media behind the scenes, we're working on new aerOS release however other Hewol projects have been left abandoned as we don't have much interest in those projects, but in aerOS mostly luna is working on aerOS, not me or anyone else, that's because in aerOS so many new things were added, that I can't work in aerOS because of too many things that I don't know what to do next, but I don't have the time to learn GNOME developement or manage all Hewol social media accounts or even mine, I just make the TODO list for luna to work on aerOS, while Danek309044 is working at Hewol but mostly at Hewol Websites, GitHub Repos and the Discord Server. While me on the other hand, I am not doing much on Hewol as I was doing in 2023. Hewol was started on May 10th 2023, and the first aerOS was released at exactly 12:00AM IST 27th May 2023, ie. when my birthday started, however the files were uploaded few hours before the release, but the aerOS project has started on 14th May 2023. Back then I was developing a lot in Hewol with my cousin brother (Preetam-Das), however then his college exams came and he decided to leave Hewol, he said he will come back later, however he didn't, after I talked with him, he said he will never join. He forgot a lot about Arch Linux and archiso after all his exams. He is now a Raspberry Pi guy. Now I don't think we will port aerOS to arm64, especially the Raspberry Pi (Broadcom-based Devices). Anyways I talked about that, I don't have the time to manage or learn things about new things in aerOS and even have no time to manage my own projects, that's because of school exams and chores. Remember, I am 13 (13 at the time I was writing this) years old,  tried lots of things but then failed, and recently my mental health is damaged by lots of Telegram users and some of my bullies at school, who are trying to falsely complain to my parents, trying to get me grounded, because of this I don't have the time or energy to develop things on aerOS or other Hewol Projects or even my projects! The thing is, I am the only one who manage all Hewol social media accounts, and since I don't have time to do this, I gave Danek309044 the role of Co Owner of Hewol. But I will still stay as an owner and have a little bit of time to look at new things developed in Hewol. But for now, I will stay hiatus 75% for few years, I might be free after school ends but given the fact I am in class7 and last class is class12, if you do the calculations then that means I have 5 more years of school, so I might be inactive 7% for 5 years or more if I go to college. For now most projects and social media accounts of Hewol will be managed by other people in the Hewol Team, I will do some of them if I have a little bit of time. Note: Hewol might change this year because I won't be present al lot, other people will develop with their plans, but for now, bye.
- Debarka Kundu

### Links
* [First aerOS release](https://github.com/hewol/aerOS/releases/tag/v1-early-beta)
* [First Commit on aerOS Repo](https://github.com/hewol/aerOS/commit/617c43fea879b0e75ce62b5d7108f8df38d9adc5)

